<!--<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
<title>flat assembler</title>
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="flat assembler" href="http://flatassembler.net/atom.php" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="docs.php_files/fasm.css" type="text/css" />
<style type="text/css">
  html, body { background-color: #F0D4B0; }
</style>
</head>

<body>

  <p class="mediumtext">
    <span class="maintitle">flat assembler</span><br />Documentation and tutorials.
  </p>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <div class="container">
    <p class="largetext">
The main goal of this section is to provide all the information you would need to create programs with flat assembler,
but since guides for a lot of topics has not been written yet, it's possible that you won't find here the help you are
looking for. In such case please visit the message board, where you can ask any questions regarding flat assembler.
</p>
<p class="largetext">
The materials listed below are available for direct browsing from this site.
</p>

<div class="links">
<table style="width: 85%;">

  <colgroup>
    <col style="width: 275px;" />
  </colgroup>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php?article=manual">flat assembler 1.69<br />Programmer's Manual</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      This is the HTML version of documentation which is provided with all the command line flat assembler packages.
      It contains an overview of the syntax and lists all the supported instructions and directives, with some
      elementary examples of usage. Reading this document is particularly recommended when you are experienced
      assembly language programmer, but you are not familiar with the syntax of flat assembler.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php?article=win32">Windows programming</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      This is the documentation for the standard set of includes that 
comes with the flat assembler for Windows package.
      It focuses on documenting the macroinstructions provided by this 
package, which are designed to simplify writing programs for this
      operating system, and also to emulate the syntax structures 
commonly used by other assemblers for this environment.
   </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php?article=design">Design Principles</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      The overview of the principles that affected the design of flat assembler.
      This text was written to help understand why it followed some different choices than the other assemblers,
      for what main purposes it was initially designed and in what directions can it evolve.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php?article=ufasm">Understanding<br />flat assembler</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      This is an advanced guide to the various layers of flat assembler,
      it shows and explains some of the tricks you can do, however
      its main aim is to explain the interactions between different features of
      of assembler and preprocessor, which may be sometimes confusing unless you understand
      what exactly is happening there.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php?article=faq">flat assembler FAQ</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      The few most frequently asked questions about flat assembler are answered here. As these are only the
      selected ones, you can find much more on the message board. But it's better to check first whether your
      question is answered here before posting it on the board.
    </td>
  </tr>

</table>
</div>

<p class="largetext">
The rest of the materials are the ones which you can download onto your computer.
</p>

<div class="links">
<table style="width: 85%;">

  <colgroup>
    <col style="width: 275px;" />
  </colgroup>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs/fas.zip">Symbolic information file format</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">file size: 4 kilobytes</span><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span><br />
    </td>
    <td>
      This is a text file containing series of tables documenting the file format of symbolic information
      generated by flat assembler.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs/tutorial.zip">flat assembler<br />Programming Tutorial</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">file size: 141 kilobytes</span><br />
       <span class="smalltext">last update: 26 Apr 2011</span><br />
    </td>
    <td>
      This is the current stage of the tutorial I am writing for flat assembler. At the moment only the chapter about
      information encoding and some initial sections of the chapter about DOS programming are finished,
      but this tutorial is planned to teach the elements of programming for all the operating systems for which you
      can develop programs with flat assembler. This document is in PDF format.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <!--<tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs/win32hlp.zip">Win32 API Reference</a><br />
       <span class="smalltext">file size:  kilobytes</span>
    </td>
    <td>
      This is the package of help files containing the reference for the Application Programming Interface
      of 32-bit Windows systems. They can be especially useful with the GUI version of flat assembler, as you can
      choose them for the keyword search there.
    </td>
  </tr>-->

</table>
</div>
  </div>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <p>
     Copyright © 2004-2010, <a href="mailto:tgrysztar@flatassembler.net">Tomasz Grysztar</a>.
  </p>

</body>
</html>