<!--<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
<title>flat assembler</title>
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="flat assembler" href="http://flatassembler.net/atom.php" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="examples.php_files/fasm.css" type="text/css" />
<style type="text/css">
  html, body { background-color: #D0B0D3; }
</style>
</head>

<body>

  <p class="mediumtext">
    <span class="maintitle">flat assembler</span><br />Example projects.
  </p>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <div class="container">
    <p class="largetext">
This section contains programs created with the flat assembler and contributed by users,
to give you some sample material to learn from.
You can find here the examples of assembly programming in various environments
and for different purposes.
More of them will be added gradually, you can also submit your own programs to be included here,
if you want to share some of your work, visit the message board and post there.
</p>

<div class="links">
<table style="width: 85%;">
  <colgroup>
    <col style="width: 275px;" />
  </colgroup>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/basecnv.zip">Base Converter</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Conversion between different number systems.<br />
Written by Tommy Lillehagen.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/cmd.zip">Command line parameters</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 2 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This small program demonstrates handling the command line parameters in Windows.<br />
Written by Theodor-Iulian Ciobanu.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/detour_example.zip">Windows hooking example</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This example shows a run-time opcode modification and hooking an API by detouring method.<br />
Written by Bryan Power/RedGhost.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/fasm_amd64_linux64_samples.tar.gz">Linux AMD64 examples</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 73 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    A set of example programs for 64-bit Linux.<br />
Written by František Gábriš.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/fasmcam.zip">FASMCam</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 2 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This application shows how to access webcam in Windows.<br />
Written by Marcus Araujo.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/flibc.zip">Using libc in assembly</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 34 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This example demonstrates how to write portable 32bit app in assembly, by using libc (standard C library).<br />
Written by vid.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/gtk-examples.tar.gz">GTK examples</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 6 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Several small samples of GTK programming in Linux.<br />
Written by Sven Blumenstein.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/javaasm.zip">Calling Java classes from assembly</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 5 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This example is a console application for Win32 that uses the 
JVM.DLL interface to call some Java classes from the assembly code.<br />
Written by Tomasz Grysztar.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/kelvar.zip">kelvar unREAL engine</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 1342 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    The simple game engine for DOS, which runs in the 32-bit unREAL mode. It shows also how to use VESA and Sound Blaster.<br />
Written by Tomasz Grysztar.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/layeredwin.zip">Transparent window</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This example uses scrollbar control to set the transparency of its window.<br />
Written by Carlos Hernandez/coconut.<br />

  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/longmode.zip">Entering long mode - simple examples</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    The samples of entering long mode starting from the real mode environment.<br />
Written by Tomasz Grysztar.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/msvc.zip">Mixing assembly with MS Visual C</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 29 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    A somewhat-advanced example of mixing assembly and C. It uses MS Visual C, but it may apply to other C compilers.<br />
Written by vid.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/phboot.zip">FAT12 boot loader</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 14 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Boot loader capable of reading and executing code from the given file stored on floppy disk.<br />
Written by PetroffHeroj.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/quetannon.zip">Quetannon</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 15 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Demonstration of using WinSock library to make TCP/IP connections.<br />
Written by Tomasz Grysztar.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/seh_example.zip">SEH/Hardware Breakpoint in Win32</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Adds an exception handler, breakpoints, handles the exception and 
continues execution, then creates a fatal exception. The exception 
handler displays all the exception info to the user.<br />
Written by Bryan Power/RedGhost.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/tray.zip">SysTray</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 3 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    Simple example of windows tray application.<br />
Written by Mateusz Tymek.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/usbenum.zip">USB devices enumeration</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 11 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    This is a port of a C example from the Windows DDK.<br />
Written by Roman Ovseytsev/arafel.
  </td>
</tr>
<tr>
  <td>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples/win64_drivers.zip">Win64 drivers example</a><br />
    <span class="smalltext">size: 37 kilobytes</span><br />
  </td>
  <td>
    A few example drivers for 64-bit Windows, with set of small applications for installing and removing them.<br />
Written by František Gábriš.
  </td>
</tr>
</table>
</div>
  </div>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <p>
     Copyright © 2004-2010, <a href="mailto:tgrysztar@flatassembler.net">Tomasz Grysztar</a>.
  </p>

</body>
</html>