<!--<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>-->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8" />
<meta http-equiv="Content-Style-Type" content="text/css" />
<title>flat assembler</title>
<link rel="alternate" type="application/atom+xml" title="flat assembler" href="http://flatassembler.net/atom.php" />
<link rel="stylesheet" href="flat%20assembler_files/fasm.css" type="text/css" />
<style type="text/css">
  html, body { background-color: #A8BCE0; }
</style>
</head>

<body>

  <p class="mediumtext">
    <span class="maintitle">flat assembler</span><br />Assembly language resources.
  </p>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <div class="container">
    
<p class="largetext">
Welcome to the site of flat assembler! This is a place dedicated to assembly language programming for x86 and x86-64 systems
and contains many resources for both beginners and advanced assembly programmers.
This site is constantly being improved, and hopefully you'll find here some
useful materials, no matter whether you are trying to learn the assembly language, or just are looking for the
solution for some particular problem.
</p>

<div class="links">
<table style="width: 70%;">

  <colgroup>
    <col style="width: 30%;" />
  </colgroup>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      Here you can download the flat assembler - the open source assembly language compiler for x86 and x86-64 processors
      (this includes the AMD64 and Intel 64 architectures).
      Packages for DOS, Windows, Linux and Unix with C library are available.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      All the available documentation for flat assembler, assembly language tutorials and other
      manuals and articles about assembly programming are gathered here.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      Here you can browse and download the example projects made with flat assembler, which
      were made available with full source code by their authors in order to help other
      people learn from the ready projects.
    </td>
  </tr>

  <tr>
    <td>
      <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/">Message board</a>
    </td>
    <td>
      This is a place where you can ask questions about flat assembler for which you haven't found
      answers in documentation, report bugs, or just talk with the other assembly language programmers.
    </td>
  </tr>

</table>
</div>
  </div>

  <p class="navigation">
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/index.php">Main index</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/download.php">Download</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/docs.php">Documentation</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://flatassembler.net/examples.php">Examples</a>
    <a class="boldlink" href="http://board.flatassembler.net/index.php">Message board</a>
  </p>

  <p>
     Copyright © 2004-2010, <a href="mailto:tgrysztar@flatassembler.net">Tomasz Grysztar</a>.
  </p>

</body>
</html>